h1. Instant Rails App Template

This is the template I use on my new applications.  It's very specifically geared for the tools I use, and includes some of my coding idioms.  The "gold":http://github.com/tsaleh/instant-rails-app/tree/master/gold directory is a great example of what an app created with this template will end up looking like.

h2. This template includes:

h3. Full user system 

* Authentication via Authlogic, 
* Streamlined user registration initially requiring just email address
* User confirmation/activation

h3. Configured for Heroku

Including @.gems@ manifest and automatic app creation.

_This template will create a new, free, heroku app automatically.  *BEWARE*_

h3. User avatars in Amazon S3 via Paperclip

h3. Blueprint based default style

h3. Plugins & Gems:

* "Inherited Resources":http://github.com/josevalim/inherited_resources/
* "Authlogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic/
* "HAML":http://haml-lang.com/
* "Blueprint":http://www.blueprintcss.org/ CSS framework
* "Shoulda":http://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda test suite and extra macros
* "Formtastic":http://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic/ (with validation reflection plugin)
* "Hoptoad":http://www.hoptoadapp.com/
* "Blue Ridge":http://github.com/relevance/blue-ridge JS testing framework
* "will_paginate":http://wiki.github.com/mislav/will_paginate
* "Paperclip":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/
* "RedCloth":http://redcloth.org/

h2. To use: 

* It's a good idea to have some info handy, including:
** The "hoptoad key":http://hoptoadapp.com for the new project
** A gmail email address and password for configuring outgoing email
** The S3 key and secret for paperclip avatars
* Once you've got that, run: @rails myapp -m http://github.com/tsaleh/instant-rails-app/raw/master/template.rb@

_*AGAIN:* This template will create a new, free, heroku app automatically._

h2. Todo:

* User password resets
* Something to deal with url slugs (such as http://github.com/norman/friendly_id/)
* "less":http://lesscss.org/

